Updated node migration scripts in CE 4.11 release notes (#1826)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/4.11/community/release-notes.md

The following database changes have been applied:

* The `vault_state` table now includes a `consuming_tx_id` column. The new column was added in the following migration script: `vault-schema.changelog-v14.xml`.

> * Two Phase Finality introduces additional data fields within the main `DbTransaction` table:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Two Phase Finality introduces an additional data field within the main `DbTransaction` table:
```

> ```kotlin

Reviewer 2: This code block should be indented in line with the bullet that it relates to.

Author: Indented the code.

@Column(name = "signatures")
val signatures: ByteArray?
```

* Two Phase Finality introduces two new database tables for storage of recovery metadata distribution records:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: This code block should be indented in line with the bullet that it relates to.

Author: Indented the code.

```

See node migration scripts:

> * `node-core.changelog-v23.xml`: Adds additional data fields within the main `DbTransaction` table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `node-core.changelog-v23.xml`: Adds an additional data field within the main `DbTransaction` table.
```
